Update foreign vitals guide (IdP) (#28630)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/foreign-vitals-map-idp-users-to-hosts.md

To verify that user information is added to a host, go to the host that has IdP username assigned, and verify that **Full name (IdP)** and **Groups (IdP)** are populated correctly.

> > Currently, the IdP username is supported only on macOS hosts. It is added during automatic enrollment (DEP) if [end user authentication](https://fleetdm.com/docs/rest-api/rest-api#mdm-macos-setup) is enabled.

Reviewer: @marko-lisica if I remember correctly, we're pulling this from the contributor API docs. Is there a note about another requirement? Release device manually can't be configured for this to work right?

I could be misremembering...but I think we want to be explicit and call that out if it's the case.

Author: You're right. In contributor docs there's part explaining that `await_device_configured` is required in automatic enrollment profile. I just added suggestion below.

FYI, this is [link](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/62dc32454f6a40e81fe229abdfc370d3bf7a56c6/docs/REST%20API/rest-api.md?plain=1#L3524) to contributor docs.

> > Currently, the IdP username is supported only on macOS hosts. It is added during automatic enrollment (DEP) if [end user authentication](https://fleetdm.com/docs/rest-api/rest-api#mdm-macos-setup) is enabled.

Author: ```suggestion
> Currently, the IdP username is supported only on macOS hosts. It is added during automatic enrollment (DEP) if [end user authentication](https://fleetdm.com/docs/rest-api/rest-api#mdm-macos-setup) is enabled and if `await_device_configured` is present in the [automatic enrollment profile](https://fleetdm.com/guides/macos-setup-experience#step-1-create-an-automatic-enrollment-profile).
```

> > Currently, the IdP username is supported only on macOS hosts. It is added during automatic enrollment (DEP) if [end user authentication](https://fleetdm.com/docs/rest-api/rest-api#mdm-macos-setup) is enabled and if `await_device_configured` is present in the [automatic enrollment profile](https://fleetdm.com/guides/macos-setup-experience#step-1-create-an-automatic-enrollment-profile).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Currently, the IdP username is only supported on macOS hosts. It's collected once, during automatic enrollment (DEP), only if the [end user authenticates](https://fleetdm.com/docs/rest-api/rest-api#mdm-macos-setup) with the IdP and the DEP profile has `await_device_configured` set to `true` (default in the [automatic enrollment profile](https://fleetdm.com/guides/macos-setup-experience#step-1-create-an-automatic-enrollment-profile)).
```
